Add style guidelines and terms (#4734)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: TERMS.md

**OpenSearch Dashboards**

The default visualization tool for data in OpenSearch. On first appearance, use the full name. *Dashboards* may be used on subsequent appearances.

open source (n.), open-source (adj.)

Use _open source_ as a noun (for example, “The code used throughout this tutorial is open source and can be freely modified”). Use _open-source_ as an adjective _(open-source software)_.

**OpenSearch Playground**

> OpenSearch Playground provides a central location for existing and evaluating users to explore features in OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards without installing or downloading anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Playground provides a central location for existing and evaluating users to explore features in OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards without downloading or installing any OpenSearch components locally.
```
